Update search when using Tika (#511)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/search.adoc

* See the xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc#docker-compose-examples[Docker Compose Examples] (ocis_wopi) for details.
* Containers for the linked service are reachable at a hostname identical to the alias or the service name if no alias was specified.

> When using the Tika extractor, make sure to also set `FRONTEND_FULL_TEXT_SEARCH_ENABLED` in the xref:{s-path}/frontend.adoc[frontend service] to `true`. This will tell the webclient that full-text search has been enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Tika extractor, make sure to also set `FRONTEND_FULL_TEXT_SEARCH_ENABLED` in the xref:{s-path}/frontend.adoc[frontend service] to `true`. This will tell the web client that full-text search has been enabled.
```
